docs: update README (#1865)
timescale/docs: README.md

To maintain consistency, please follow these general rules.

*   Maintain text editor width for paragraphs at 80 characters. We ask you to do
this to assist in reviewing documentation changes. When text is very wide, it
is difficult to visually see where text has changed within a paragraph and keeping
a narrow width on text assists in making PRs easier to review. **Most editors such
as Visual Studio Code have settings to do this visually.**
*   Most links should be reference-style links where the link address is at the
bottom of the page. The two exceptions are:

>     *   Links within Tip/Warning Callouts. These must be inline links for now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   Links within highlight blocks (Note, Important, or Warning). These must be inline links for now
```
